mistress our vernacular here we'd an
insect generally classified within the
order demap Torah the common name of the
insects we know as earwigs is exactly
that common and is based mainly in
folklore it's rumored that these
so-called earwigs crawl into your ear at
night and tunnel into your brain but
this is false sure an earwig may on rare
occasion climb into the ear of an
unsuspecting sleeper but really who can
blame them here canals are warm and dark
the perfect home for a creepy crawly
like this one the important thing to
remember is that even if an earwig found
its way into your ear it would never eat
through your eardrum despite the
erroneous origins of these trumped-up
folktales they've been in place a long
time the word earwig comes from the old
english word AR wicker a compound of ear
meaning ear of course and wicker
scholars believe that wicker shares a
root with words like wiggle and wag and
that it most likely referred to a
creature that moves quickly
unfortunately for this innocent little
insect even its scientific name gives it
a bad rap because of the large
pincer-like Circe on the tail end of its
abdomen scientists associate earwigs
with a pair of scissors calling them for
Fethullah Erik ilaria literally little
scissors of the ear
you
Oh